These are all the pre-loaded student user logins:

hpollins0, zO1qEuZkLVXo
tcourtenay1, 3ZqOWk
ilaughtisse2, zdeh5fYgUZu
emacnair3, PNCVaG
piwanicki4, 1uJEqMgjHT
hshakelady5, liyOFglDGdX
kaspall6, JyQo4lDxRu
spakes7, 2uhyF9a
mborley8, YnI1C4xvo
dscruton9, AZ5rixs6rHEv
hpechaa, lY4OaZHdDoR
kcholdcroftb, Vz5pad
gavisonc, zhElJVIp
cminchellad, gDQWGRU
msimmanke, LE77KHLnunq
claverf, 5cOZgFFlIBS
yduthieg, 2MJScNI
plyesh, 0NZDEC
arogeti, 8HXDswI2TIG
kangierj, bezlp4
aallrightk, pI2IXzXn
dridgerl, dAOlgVO
gkelloughm, hmcdkGF
mwebenn, Fs5SzWRnRh
cdodsleyo, AzgS2DMm
rmaultp, SmAFKU4CBG
amaddickq, dVPnS0w
wpickerillr, ESqXqMYwf
ihammers, mpvvzFMhC
dbercevelot, 50EnsQo
jzipsellu, 3q0COo
tcastillov, KbWlOjdw
adunseathw, WCuSDo
tblabiex, 8WfnAg01p
dayarsy, FSoGxndDI7Z
bwarnerz, Dwq9PG8
bhaibel10, CUAnWt
oyendall11, qHS0cUvO
mbudd12, 8aAt5bPxbC
slummus13, GAJOanHjbW
rmontford14, zvRMFfO1
ebercher15, 3a10hkBuyjcS
gbatcock16, ObQDXlNE
jmcadam17, bJCUI55
dmalan18, unN2fY6N
coliphard19, 4p26SYepN6n
jverbeek1a, BpTCW024kP
kfoden1b, dZwGkQSaZFn
aberetta1c, SiTKnP4
dind1d, 1pNhEjDubk
lhowlings1e, Sdvc0mChEKZ
bbellwood1f, JGAHmMI3O8
eletixier1g, qv7JCVmtZE2B
zlefwich1h, jmygCLr
rdale1i, dFQmeK5w33
cbottini1j, BKAg8MS
jlutz1k, ZXTac6Df
bclynter1l, EiGKFAKIpCU
tscamerdine1m, 63281CkTReA
sdedden1n, RCD3CXFps3pr
ipass1o, dcXO4oDDq
fmclernon1p, LqKjFTI
rrazzell1q, aWB7tE0TJ
anolli1r, 0N8v895k
bfattori1s, wttRZI0uVRB
cwickett1t, vPCJ9PI
nblankenship1u, JzfkuYVoO1N
jfriese1v, zvenRFW60sSa
abullerwell1w, KL6uzhGrQcJu
gdenyukhin1x, lqMnzHf
khawkes1y, 61t8nfNaOk
fwittleton1z, irBWspPKbQn
mogeneay20, smZicANkr
spitkeathley21, qkVd2O7R8
cflecknoe22, oiCwmXWPUBtS
jwheadon23, P06sj7
tgates24, Lumr61qy
zmeeke25, YnwqnYL
lbrokenshaw26, O57W8Y5tuBOs
vscatchar27, iHu83ZrX2C
msicha28, giGhY8r
gbeharrell29, G9aNT5Tsj
fmathieson2a, SUat8wpt
sromayne2b, I6QUd3Lfi
mdepper2c, K7XRoOeY
tdahmel2d, LU01WGLQvamK
vstutard2e, OQZej4nW1ABs
ssoloway2f, 4SxRq7iOZsk
glidgate2g, xeZb7FwFEN
rsketcher2h, wdL0VQkbxb
mmulqueeny2i, yYmfXSLWNUG
omaine2j, eQIj3fo
gqueyos2k, GgRem9PM91
npoynor2l, E7rzAzQ
dtabourier2m, uM6AOQ
csprowles2n, 9vlLVO6kqT
fillyes2o, fnmBjFO
scasotti2p, ub8FY4apa
cbeney2q, UcYmCllJ
mraffles2r, VUEc9q9Z